Dungeon
Free for idlers
How dare you trespass into a black prison
Dare to say your name
Do not change the name
Sit still and don't change your last name
Family Dragon King Sun Xiaolong Dragon King
No tiger master allows you to treat people
Trespassing in a black jail violates the covenant
36 things have passed
Tomorrow the entire Heaven and Earth Alliance will be mine
I don't care if you have 36 or 48 things
Ah!
How is the Dragon King you?
Other people's enemies are friends
Do you want revenge?
I want to, I dream about it
You also want to kill Zhang Ye
You take refuge in me
I can help you kill Zhangye
All the hatred in my heart
Zhangye is the eldest brother of the ancient master
After tomorrow
I am about to join as the new leader of the Heaven and Earth Alliance
What is Wang Xiaohu afraid of?
Meet the Xuanjia Dragon King
Tomorrow I will no longer be the Dragon King
But the new Dragon Emperor